[VOCALIZING]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> We are sound.
>> You are sound.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> It's possible to put
your hand in the center
of the galaxy or you put
your finger in one vortex.
Sometimes it's impossible to put
your finger in the hurricane,
because destroyed.
It is too huge, and destroyed.
So it's a low skill to learn
how it's work your brain,
how it's work your heart, how
it's work the center of galaxy.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> I discovered accidentally.
I don't think it's possible to
appear zero before, completely.
Just I work.
No, I was curious what
happened, and in the moment,
I was "Wow, this thing does
look like a human face."
I tried to catch in the move
because it's very difficult,
because it's non-linear.
And so not remind too much time.
Sometimes go up from--
because it's very
difficult to build this.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[SINGING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Through that
specific language,
each soul having
their unique song.
And its song or melody
is not one song.
It's not one melody.
It's an infinite
array of frequencies
that can be combined
and utilized
to open the physical
body, the emotional body,
the mental state.
The soul holds that
inside everyone.
It's just a matter of how much
space, how much awareness,
how much connection do you
give to that to develop it,
to explore it, to
let it come out.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[SINGING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
The music gave me
the inner peace.
Without music, I was totally
burned out, stressed, insomnia,
and not feeling good.
And after approaching
the music in a good way
with this special
instrument that
gave me this special vibration,
I think my body got relaxed.
I don't know.
I can feel more peaceful.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
this being is that
so we can looks on
and staggered relations about
amid us and name and tune
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> I think I got the call to
the instrument that I'm playing
now, and when I got first touch,
it got me very nice vibration
inside my body that I
couldn't stop to play it.
Anytime I was
feeling a bit sad, it
was getting hit
and starting play,
and it was making
me feel much better.
And now I think
this is my medicine.
I can play and feel much better.
We are made of water.
So I think when
you hit the steel,
this vibration gets inside you.
And it's immediately.
You don't need to wait a
long time to feel the magic.
It's just "ding", and it
vibrates inside your body.
It's wow.
Power, full power.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
>> You don't need
to be musician.
You don't need big skills.
You can touch it, go
through the instrument,
and it's makes
along a nice melody.
And when you start going
around, you find your movements
and you find your own melody
to feel what you want,
because everybody want to
feel something different.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> And when you are
exploring the instrument,
you are exploring your body.
You are with yourself.
Your mind go through a process
where you explore something
that you never felt inside you.
The most important
fact is that you
can think clear when you play.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[VOCALIZING]
>> (SINGING) Did you ever hear
the sound of moving branches
in the wind?
Did you ever hear the
silence from the--
sound of moving branches--
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[SINGING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[VOCALIZING]
>> (SINGING) Music leads
you the sound of silence.
Silence to realization
of the truth.
Truth leads to the love.
Love leads everywhere.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> (SINGING) Another leaf has
fallen down into the river.
Into the river.
Grandfather spirit
whispering the silent song.
The silent song.
A gentle breeze is blowing
upon the sacred waters.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[VOCALIZING]
[SINGING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[VOCALIZING]
>> So when we say, "healing,"
to me, that means making whole,
revealing the wholeness that is
underneath whatever blockage,
whatever disruption, whatever
pain or fear that may be
present.
Underneath lay the wholeness,
the truth, the love
that is within every being.
[VOCALIZING]
The power of the sound
that lives inside you when
we speak about that essence
of light that we can amplify
and empower inside
through our sound,
empowers us to also
take responsibility.
To live from what
is true inside us.
And we don't only need to adhere
so much to what society, what
our family, what the people
around us think is appropriate
or has agreed on
it's appropriate.
It gives you space to be unique.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> (SINGING) Here I am once
again singing healing songs,
praising you with all your
names knowing they are one.
Here I am once again
singing healing songs.
>> Open heart.
Anything that can create a
person to open their heart
will allow them to feel
a connection rather than
a separation, and
through that connection,
we become more
caring, more generous.
We interact and we relate.
We resonate with
what occurs outside.
We don't need to argue.
We don't need to
create boundaries.
So through an open
heart, the space
of acceptance, of allowing,
of honoring what's
inside, honoring what's
inside another being.
>> (SINGING) I'm calling
my heart, calling my heart,
calling my heart.
All becomes love.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
>> We are sound.
[THEME MUSIC]